inspiration.md, before:

#Inspiration
In trying to not reinvent the wheel I searched for a script that would meet the needs of the situation, but at the same time was easy to extend and use for multiple sites. I did not find anything that met all my needs but did find the following scripts / projects that were sources of inspiration for this project.

1. John E. Herreño - [Keeping your Drupal backups under control](http://jeh3.net/keeping-your-drupal-backups-under-control) - [smartbackups.sh](inspiration/smartbackups.sh)
I like the cron integration of this script in that it could be used for multiple sites.

2. Sam Hobbs - [Backup script for Drupal using Drush and Cron](https://samhobbs.co.uk/2014/06/backup-script-drupal-using-drush-and-cron) -  [website-backup](inspiration/website-backup) I again like the cron integration but also the management of old backups and how long to keep them. Adrián Moreno Peña has a [github repo for this script](https://github.com/zetxek/drush-cron-backup).  Artūrs Vilkajs has a [GitHub repository simplified version of this script](https://github.com/artursv/backupd) without encrypted mailing support.

3. Dale Mcgladdery - [Simple Drupal Remote Backup](http://www.group42.ca/simple_drupal_remote_backup) - [simplebackup.sh](inspiration/simplebackup.sh) 

4. Paul Booker - [Daily Backup scheme for Drupal sites on an Ubuntu server](http://www.paulbooker.co.uk/drupal-developer/command-lines/daily-backup-scheme-drupal-sites-ubuntu-server) - [daily-backup.sh](inspiration/daily-backup.sh)

5. H. Kurth Bemis - [Proper Aegir backups with Backupninja and duplicity under Debian 7](https://kurthbemis.com/2015/02/06/proper-aegir-backups-backupninja-duplicity/) - [20-aegir-daily.sh](inspiration/20-aegir-daily.sh) I liked the seperate configuration file.

6. Penn State University  Drupal User's Group - [Nittany Vagrant package backup scripts on GitHub](https://github.com/psudug/nittany-vagrant/tree/master/scripts/backup)

7. Scripts by Leandro Scott R. Z. Jacques (lsrzj) and Jonathan Gittos (gittosj) on drupal.org - [Script that I created to automate the backup process using drush](https://www.drupal.org/node/470114) - [lsrzj_gittosj_backup.sh](inspiration/lsrzj_gittosj_backup.sh)

Commit message:

Added information about scripts in inspiration folder.

inspiration.md, after:

#Inspiration
In trying to not reinvent the wheel I searched for a script that would meet the needs of the situation, but at the same time was easy to extend and use for multiple sites. I did not find anything that met all my needs but did find the following scripts / projects that were sources of inspiration for this project. Copies of most of these scripts can be found in the [inspiration folder](inspiration/).

1. John E. Herreño - [Keeping your Drupal backups under control](http://jeh3.net/keeping-your-drupal-backups-under-control) - [smartbackups.sh](inspiration/smartbackups.sh)
I like the cron integration of this script in that it could be used for multiple sites.

2. Sam Hobbs - [Backup script for Drupal using Drush and Cron](https://samhobbs.co.uk/2014/06/backup-script-drupal-using-drush-and-cron) -  [website-backup](inspiration/website-backup) I again like the cron integration but also the management of old backups and how long to keep them. Adrián Moreno Peña has a [github repo for this script](https://github.com/zetxek/drush-cron-backup).  Artūrs Vilkajs has a [GitHub repository simplified version of this script](https://github.com/artursv/backupd) without encrypted mailing support.

3. Dale Mcgladdery - [Simple Drupal Remote Backup](http://www.group42.ca/simple_drupal_remote_backup) - [simplebackup.sh](inspiration/simplebackup.sh) 

4. Paul Booker - [Daily Backup scheme for Drupal sites on an Ubuntu server](http://www.paulbooker.co.uk/drupal-developer/command-lines/daily-backup-scheme-drupal-sites-ubuntu-server) - [daily-backup.sh](inspiration/daily-backup.sh)

5. H. Kurth Bemis - [Proper Aegir backups with Backupninja and duplicity under Debian 7](https://kurthbemis.com/2015/02/06/proper-aegir-backups-backupninja-duplicity/) - [20-aegir-daily.sh](inspiration/20-aegir-daily.sh) I liked the seperate configuration file.

6. Penn State University  Drupal User's Group - [Nittany Vagrant package backup scripts on GitHub](https://github.com/psudug/nittany-vagrant/tree/master/scripts/backup)

7. Scripts by Leandro Scott R. Z. Jacques (lsrzj) and Jonathan Gittos (gittosj) on drupal.org - [Script that I created to automate the backup process using drush](https://www.drupal.org/node/470114) - [lsrzj_gittosj_backup.sh](inspiration/lsrzj_gittosj_backup.sh)
